README.md, before:

# Phase-Field Method for Delamination Using Gridap and SfePy

## Current Status

### Julia & Gridap

- **Linear segregated**
  - _Working_
- **Non-linear staggered**
  - _Working_
- **Non-linear coupled**
  - _Not working_
  - Fracture response is "soft" and doesn't fully fracture across plate

### Python & SfePy

- **Linear segregated**
  - _In development_
  - Elastic energy field is "out-of-date" before being used in displacement equation

### Problems

- **Single edge notched plate**
  - Gridap & SfePy
- **Double cantilever beam**
  - TBC

## ToDo

### Julia & Gridap

- Implement energy based active step control
- Try and fix non-linear coupled problem
- Implement other problems
  - Double cantilever beam
  - Interface fracture

### Python & SfePy

- Fix issues with linear segregated
- <s>Combined separated energy terms in the damage weak form equation</s>
- <s>Implement proper mesh using SfePy mesh conversion tools</s>
- Dt is fixed and needs to either be adaptive, or displacement based (add to step hook)

Commit message:

Energy history corrected, displacement based time step added

README.md, after:

# Phase-Field Method for Delamination Using Gridap and SfePy

## Current Status

### Julia & Gridap

- **Linear segregated**
  - _Working_
- **Non-linear staggered**
  - _Working_
- **Non-linear coupled**
  - _Not working_
  - Fracture response is "soft" and doesn't fully fracture across plate

### Python & SfePy

- **Linear segregated**
  - _In development_
  - Elastic energy field is "out-of-date" before being used in displacement equation

### Problems

- **Single edge notched plate**
  - Gridap & SfePy
- **Double cantilever beam**
  - TBC

## ToDo

### Julia & Gridap

- Implement energy based active step control
- Try and fix non-linear coupled problem
- Implement other problems
  - Double cantilever beam
  - Interface fracture

### Python & SfePy

- Fix issues with linear segregated
- <s>Combined separated energy terms in the damage weak form equation</s>
- <s>Implement proper mesh using SfePy mesh conversion tools</s>
- <s>Dt is fixed and needs to either be adaptive, or displacement based (add to step hook)</s>
- <s>Fixed energy history decreasing by intialising pb.phi in pre_process hook so that "step - 1" energy value is stored</s>
- Create transfinite mesh to be used with damage-based initial crack
